he's got supporters Detroit New York Los
Angeles inciting large-scale arrests and
sympathy marches I'm very aware of that
mr. Hoover what I do know he Islam
Ryland what I need to know right now
what's Martin Luther King about to do
next mr. president dr. King is here mr.
president in the south there have been
thousands of racially motivated murders
we need your help dr. King this thing's
just gonna have to wait it cannot wait
you've got one big issue I got a hundred
one somebody is yes the next great
battle sound muster please they ready
dr. King I tell you that white book and
hit you will not tolerate a jeté is
attempting to orchestrate a disturbance
in this state it is unacceptable that
they use their power and keep us
voiceless
people actually like an account children
they're trying to get inside of your
head happens when a man stands up says
enough is enough we build the path as we
can rock by rock this sale is proudly
but it probably we must mark it must
stand up you March those people into
rural Alabama it's gotta be open season
have a word there's no words we have
there are 70 million people watching
these mixes are going around the world
we must make a massive demonstration
fight flat and otherwise come to self I
heard about the attack of innocent
people I couldn't just stand by looks
like an army out there
Oh
what happens when a man stands up says
enough was enough